fix: unmanaged certs only include metadata (#605)
nginx/documentation: content/nginx-one/how-to/certificates/manage-certificates.md

- Are used in their NGINX configuration
- Do _not_ match an existing managed SSL certificate/CA bundle

> These certificates appear in the list of unmanaged certificates. NGINX One Console has no data on those certificates, except for the metadata shown in the console.

Author: ```suggestion
These certificates appear in the list of unmanaged certificates. NGINX One Console does not store unmanaged certs or keys, only metadata associated with them for monitoring.
```
